So now that we saw how we can run the LM like deep Seac or Qn 1.8 billion parameter models within our
local machine, now we're going to see how we can make use of the user interface looks better.
Pretty much like the ChatGPT interface.
Like how you're going to see that.
Guess what?
We are going to be building these kind of interfaces using our Lang chain agent in our upcoming section
of this course, like chatbots, but I just wanted to give you a flavor of how you can use these models
as a GUI interface to your machine.
You can also use.
There are so many different tools available, something like Misty over here dot app, as you can see
over here.
So this is the easiest way to use the local and online AI model within your machine.
So you can just use this particular tool over here.
Or you can also use something called as the GPT for all.
So just go search for GPT four dot GPT.
For all I know, this is also another tool that you can use in order for using the model within your
machine.
So you see that they also support the, uh, the R one model over here.
And then the thinking is going to come up over there, and then it is going to start answering the questions
for you.
So you can use that as well.
I'm going to quickly show you the mistake that I was talking about.
So if I just say that Misty like Misty, this is going to come up over here.
You see that?
This is the interface looks pretty familiar for you.
You can use for inferencing.
You can also upload the document if you wanted to.
You can also attach YouTube links and also images to to also get the response from the vision models
if you wanted to.
So those things you can do it as well.
And look at that.
It is also automatically detecting all the model which is available within my machine.
See that it's telling me that there is an active queue, an 8.1 billion parameter, um, model over
here.
But you can also choose the different model within my machine.
You see that it's showing me all the different models that I have got.
And if I'm going to choose the deep sea cod one model over here, and if I'm going to ask the same question
that I just asked, uh, over here, if you remember, which is the right, the selenium C-sharp code,
uh, I can do that as well if I wanted to.
So let's say I'm going to copy this whole thing, but this time I'm going to ask for a different website,
let's say E app dot uh, swami.com uh, website.
Uh, and I'm going to say write a playwright uh, with c dotnet code.
And the moment I ask it, you see that now the deep c r1 is going to start running it.
And guess what?
I'm also going to stop the internet over here.
So it's going to just work on my local large language model.
And it's going to give you the response, as you can see over here.
And it's also doing every single thing from the local large language model without going to the internet
for that matter, is that thing is now created over here, and now it is starting to write the code
for me, uh, which is amazing.
And look at that.
It's doing quite a lot of different operations.
So this is how you can see that we can run a local large language model and also make use of the realm,
uh, pretty much uh, with the chat bots or the tools available over here to use as a chatbot, uh,
for our response that we are looking for.
So that's the thing that you can do within your local machine.
And now you have got the idea of how these things are working.
Starting our next lecture will also see how we can play around with this Olama tool even further, so
that we are going to be making use of the Olama starting our next section while we start working with
the language.